Unwinder setup:
    1. Take out of production
            Green button -> flash -> solid Amber
            Locking caps on splicing table 
    2. Align hub release 
            Disengage hubs 
            remove air from pin
    3. Cut paper free, close to roll on pin 
    4. Remove pin and core, if gaylord of excess cores exist, place there, if not return to web press.
    5. Lower hub arms below the next roll's core.
    6. Measure roll to be hung if new job. If preexisting or roll width known, place roll on pin at these positions:
            18" -> 23" mark on pin
            20" -> 25.5" mark on pin 
    7. Postition roll with inserted pin above UW hub arms so that the ends of the pin align with the locking hubs. 
    8. Reinflate pin
    9. Raise hub arms until it reaches operating position and pin seats correctly.
    10. Remove blue roll tag 
    11. Remove enough of the wrapping paper so that the initial color bars are visible.
    12. Apply splicing tape across width of new roll where the excess was removed.
    13. Apply the tail of the previous cut roll to the newly applied splicing tape and remove excess. 
    14. Unlock splicing table locking caps
    15. Press the production button to re-engage unwinder.
            solid amber -> flashing -> solid green. 

Unwinder Steering head: 
    note: Best to be done at the beginning of a roll, beginning of a job. Double check if needed throughout. 
    1. UW: Press the machine center mode ->|<- button
    2. SVC: Press the settings button at top of screen (wrench)
    3. SVC: If the "Without Knives" button is not high-lighted, select it.
    4. SVC: begin to pull paper through slow (7m/min default min) using the play (sideways triangle) button and continuous cycle (circular button with arrows below play) button.
    5. SVC: Watch the paper re-align side-to-side.
    6. SVC: Once the paper appears to be consistent, stop the machine by pressing the continuous cycle button (circle with arrows inside). 
    7. Go back to the settings (wrench)
    8. Engage the knives by deselecting "without knives" option.
    9. Press the home button at top-right of screen.  

SVC setup:

Folder setup:

Stacking table setup:

DPS setup:

